# demo_api

DemoApi - JavaScript client for demo_api
Demo
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: v1
- Package version: v1
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install demo_api --save
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing 
into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

Finally, switch to the directory you want to use your demo_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

You should now be able to `require('demo_api')` in javascript files from the directory you ran the last 
command above from.

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/demo_api
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install YOUR_USERNAME/demo_api --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file, that's to say your javascript file where you actually 
use this library):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var DemoApi = require('demo_api');

var defaultClient = DemoApi.ApiClient.instance;

// Configure HTTP basic authorization: Basic
var Basic = defaultClient.authentications['Basic'];
Basic.username = 'YOUR USERNAME'
Basic.password = 'YOUR PASSWORD'

var api = new DemoApi.LoginApi()

var data = new DemoApi.Login(); // {Login} 


var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.loginCreate(data, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://demo-api.herokuapp.com/api/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DemoApi.LoginApi* | [**loginCreate**](docs/LoginApi.md#loginCreate) | **POST** /login/ | 
*DemoApi.LogoutApi* | [**logoutCreate**](docs/LogoutApi.md#logoutCreate) | **POST** /logout/ | Calls Django logout method and delete the Token object assigned to the current User object.
*DemoApi.LogoutApi* | [**logoutList**](docs/LogoutApi.md#logoutList) | **GET** /logout/ | Calls Django logout method and delete the Token object assigned to the current User object.
*DemoApi.PasswordApi* | [**passwordChangeCreate**](docs/PasswordApi.md#passwordChangeCreate) | **POST** /password/change/ | Calls Django Auth SetPasswordForm save method.
*DemoApi.PasswordApi* | [**passwordResetConfirmCreate**](docs/PasswordApi.md#passwordResetConfirmCreate) | **POST** /password/reset/confirm/ | Password reset e-mail link is confirmed, therefore this resets the user's password.
*DemoApi.PasswordApi* | [**passwordResetCreate**](docs/PasswordApi.md#passwordResetCreate) | **POST** /password/reset/ | Calls Django Auth PasswordResetForm save method.
*DemoApi.UserApi* | [**userPartialUpdate**](docs/UserApi.md#userPartialUpdate) | **PATCH** /user/ | Reads and updates UserModel fields Accepts GET, PUT, PATCH methods.
*DemoApi.UserApi* | [**userRead**](docs/UserApi.md#userRead) | **GET** /user/ | Reads and updates UserModel fields Accepts GET, PUT, PATCH methods.
*DemoApi.UserApi* | [**userUpdate**](docs/UserApi.md#userUpdate) | **PUT** /user/ | Reads and updates UserModel fields Accepts GET, PUT, PATCH methods.


## Documentation for Models

 - [DemoApi.Login](docs/Login.md)
 - [DemoApi.PasswordChange](docs/PasswordChange.md)
 - [DemoApi.PasswordReset](docs/PasswordReset.md)
 - [DemoApi.PasswordResetConfirm](docs/PasswordResetConfirm.md)
 - [DemoApi.UserDetails](docs/UserDetails.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


### Basic

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

